This is README, produced by makeinfo version 4.7 from README.texinfo.

   tcpick is a textmode sniffer libpcap-based that can track tcp streams
and saves the captured data in files or displays them in the terminal.
Useful for picking files in a passive way.  It can store all
connections data in different files, or it can display all the stream
on the terminal, when the connection is closed.  There are useful
display modes like hexdump, hexdump + ascii, only printable
charachters, raw mode and so on. Available a color mode too, helpful to
read better the output of the program.  Actually it can handle eth and
ppp interfaces.  It is useful to keep track of what users of a network
are doing, and is usable with textmode tools like grep, sed, awk.

   For example, this command displays all HTTP GET requests:

     # tcpick -i ppp0 -yP | grep GET

   Please read the manpage for further details.

home page
*********

http://tcpick.sourceforge.net

other files to read:
********************

   * AUTHORS

   * OPTIONS

   * KNOWN-BUGS

   * INSTALL

   * TODO

   * ChangeLog

   * COPYING

   * public_key.asc (key to check package signatures)

   * public_key_message.txt

contribute
**********

tcpick project needs somebody suggesting me bugs and new features!  If
you want to contribute sending patches, finding bugs, compilation
errors, platform-specific incompatibilies you are invited to the tcpick
mailing-list:

   * email address

     tcpick-project@lists.sourceforge.net

   * Archive
     http://sourceforge.net/mailarchive/forum.php?forum=tcpick-project

   * Subscribe
     http://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/tcpick-project

   I'm sorry for my bad english

   thanks

   Francesco Stablum "duskdruid" <duskdruid @ despammed.com>

Little disclaimer and license:
******************************

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the
Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version.

   This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

   You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation,
Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307, USA.

   For other details on GNU/GPL license read COPYING file

   Copyright (C) 2003, 2004  Francesco Stablum "duskdruid"

