\input texinfo  @c -*-texinfo-*-
@setfilename AUTHORS
@settitle AUTHORS
@c @setchapternewpage odd
@c @paragraphindent asis

@c 1st page:
@titlepage
@title AUTHORS
@subtitle credits
@author Francesco Stablum

@c copyright page
@end titlepage
@headings single


@c Contenuti
@contents

@c capitolo primo

@unnumbered Francesco Stablum @b{duskdruid:despammed.com}

Mantainer

@unnumbered Artyom Khafizov

Bugfixes and memory leak fixes, added RESET and EXPIRED
status detection, added a new way to write the stream to files, using
directories.

@unnumbered Federico Castaneda @b{F_CASTANEDA:crm.com.ar}

Added basic UDP support

@unnumbered Buck Huppmann @b{buckh:pobox.com}

wrote the RESET status detection

@unnumbered Saumil Shah

has helped me improving tcpick and making it useful to decode
application-level data (i.e. http).

@unnumbered Gianluigi Spagnuolo, kirash

has tested tcpick under many *BSD systems, helping me to make
tcpick more compatible on other systems.
He found also the pcap_next bug and a bug on the inet_ntoa return
ointer. 
Kirash is currently helping me with several patches and increasing 
the tcpick portability, which is really very important.

@unnumbered Penelope Fudd

Added a patch that allows to process with tcpick a tcpdump output
file instead of a live connection, in that way:

@example
% tcpdump -n -s 1600 -w /tmp/foo.tcpdump
% tcpick -r /tmp/foo.tcpdump
@end example

@unnumbered mainman

helped me to improve the performance of tcpick suggesting me a method
of session recognization with hash generated by addresses and ports
and a "chained" tracker of structures instead of a block of addresses
to structures (i.e. conn_ptr->next_conn). 

@unnumbered Sebastian Prause
added support for DLT_PPP_ETHER datalink type 
(including pppoe for NetBSD systems).

@unnumbered ShackaN
wrote a nice dprintf function for debugging purposes :)

@unnumbered Gimli
Spent a lot of time seeking for a bug I couldn't resolve on 
a free().

@unnumbered kain
bug found at pcap_next, that returns NULL on some systems
suggested me to change pcap #include directive, because on
trustix (and perhaps other linux systems) libpcap are located in a
different place (pcap/pcap.h). 

@unnumbered Ardoino Paolo
Suggested me to control memory allocated addresses

@unnumbered Robert Scheck
suggested me to improve the Makefile with variables.

@unnumbered Alberto 'JCN-9000' Varesio: 
found that AIX doesn't have getopt_long and getopt.h 

@unnumbered Davide Benini
corrected bug in calling S_calloc with only one argument

@unnumbered Packagers
 
@unnumbered Debian

Cédric Delfosse 
@uref{http://packages.debian.org/unstable/net/tcpick/}

Maurizio Lemmo `Tannoiser'
@uref{http://erlug.linux.it/~tann/tcpick/}

@unnumbered Source RPM

Paul Drain mantains tcpick as a recompilable source RPM:
@uref{ftp://cipherfunk.org/pub/packages/redhat/tcpick/}

@unnumbered RPM: 

Mantained by Dag Wieers, with a lot of platforms available:
@uref{http://dag.wieers.com/packages/tcpick/}

Lou Afonso has compiled version 0.1.20

@unnumbered Testers (read PLATFORMS.old file)

@b{nextime} has spent time compiling tcpick on an impressing number of
unix/gnu  platforms helping me understanding tcpick
[in]compatibilities 

AdHe5, Alt[O]s, hannibal, Kaioh, Alberto Panu, Maurizio Lemmo `Tannoiser',
Alberto 'JCN-9000' Varesio, gap, Kirillov

thanks to these people because they spent time testing tcpick 
on their unix and linux distros sending me the report, that 
I used to complete `PLATFORMS' file. 

@unnumbered Thanks

Thanks to all people that are using tcpick and are sending me
description of problems encountered and to all people here not mentioned 
that contributed to this software in many ways.

Thanks to sourceforge.net that hosts tcpick, available here:
@uref{http://sourceforge.net/projects/tcpick/}

Thanks to kuht.it, that is currently hosting tcpick packages at this url:
@uref{http://www.kuht.it/modules/xfmod/project/?tcpick}

Thanks to all the mantainers of libpcap (@uref{http://www.tcpdump.org}), that
indirectly contributed to the development of tcpick :)

Thanks to @uref{http://www.linuxlinks.com} webmasters, that have added tcpick in their directory.
