\input texinfo  @c -*-texinfo-*-
@setfilename ChangeLog
@settitle ChangeLog
@c @setchapternewpage odd
@c @paragraphindent asis

@c 1st page:
@titlepage
@title ChangeLog
@subtitle subtitle
@author Francesco 'duskdruid' Stablum

@c copyright page
@end titlepage
@headings single


@c Contenuti
@contents

@c capitolo primo
@c chapter ChangeLog

@unnumbered 18 Jan 2005 0.2.1

unchanged from 0.2.1-rc1

@unnumbered 18 Jan 2005 0.2.1-rc1

@itemize

Michael Coulter (mjc:bitz.ca):
@item
Fixed headers include order for OpenBSD

Gianluigi Spagnuolo (kirash:phreaker.net):
@item
Added sigaction function to handle signals in a proper way.

Francesco Stablum (duskdruid:despammed.com):
@item
Fixed -lpcap -lpcap etc. arguments to cc

@item
Fixed SIGALRM freeze bug

@item
Added setitimer workaround for *BSD systems (fork + sleep + kill)

@item
Added -e option to exit when a certain number of packets is reached

@item
Added atexit function
@end itemize

@unnumbered 9 Jan 2005 0.2.0-final

@itemize

Francesco Stablum (duskdruid:despammed.com):

@item
Few bugfixes with -t and -td options

@end itemize

@unnumbered 30 Dec 2004 0.2.0-rc6

@itemize

Francesco Stablum (duskdruid:despammed.com):

@item
expired functions are now checked every second, not every packet.
(use setitimer and the SIGALRM signal).

@item
added DLT_PPP, DLT_SLIP, DLT_SLIP_BSDOS and DLT_PPP_BSDOS support.
credits: SNiFf v0.3 by uLiX
http://www.s0ftpj.org/bfi/online/bfi10/BFi10-05.html

@item
added italian documentation (README.it, EXAMPLES.it, INSTALL.it, tcpick_italian.8)

@end itemize

@unnumbered 25 Dec 2004 0.2.0-rc5

@itemize

Gianluigi Spagnuolo (kirash:phreaker.net):

@item
Added signal support + statistics (packets sniffed and 
connection tracked) in a similar way to tcpdump.

@item
Reorganized tcpick.c

Francesco Stablum (duskdruid:despammed.com):

@item
Added autogen.sh script

@item
Fixed bug of `-D' option

@item
Updated to automake/aclocal 1.9.3

@end itemize

@unnumbered 14 Dec 2004 0.2.0-rc4

@itemize

Gianluigi Spagnuolo (kirash:phreaker.net):

@item
found bug in avail_filename (write.c): too few arguments 
to printf: fixed.

Francesco Stablum (duskdruid:despammed.com):

@item
Now '\r' and '\t' charachters are printable in 'P' and 'U' modes.

@item
MacOSX ``BIOCSRTIMEOUT: Invalid argument'' bug should be fixed.

@item
port aligment in status displayer fixed (simplified)

@end itemize

@unnumbered 12 Dec 2004 0.2.0-rc3

@itemize

Francesco Stablum (duskdruid:despammed.com):

@item
added date-timestamp

@item
removed all typedefs. Now structures and unions should be better
recognizable (now names of types are UPPER-CASE)

@item
Added .EDITME files for those people that have troubles with
the ./configure script

@end itemize

@unnumbered 30 Nov 2004 0.2.0-rc2
@itemize

Francesco Stablum (duskdruid:despammed.com):

@item 
Timeout value is now set by `-X' option, because `-t' will be used
for timestamps in the future.
@item
Filenaming system is now chosen with the `-F' option. 

Artyom Khafizov:

@item
`-D num' option will cause tcpick to create subdirectories, 
each for a desired number of sessions.

@end itemize

@unnumbered 22 Nov 2004 0.2.0-rc1
@itemize

Artyom Khafizov:

@item Added EXPIRED status for connection tracked with a -t option to choose
      an appropriate timeout (default is 600)

@item Fixed many memory leaks

@item Added a new way to write the stream to files, using directories

@item Added an experimental file naming system

Buck Huppmann (buckh:pobox.com) and Artyom Khafizov
( both have had the same good idea :^D ):

@item Added RESET status for connections tracked. (RST-flagged packets will
delete the connection).

Federico Castaneda (F_CASTANEDA:crm.com.ar):

@item Added UDP support

Francesco Stablum (duskdruid:despammed.com):

@item Debug messages are now available only with the -DTCPICK_DEBUG argument
given to the compiler. 

@item Changed signing key! Please read public_key_message.txt and check
the revocation certificate public_key_OLD.revoke

@end itemize

@unnumbered 08/09/04 0.2.0-devel2
@itemize
@item
Segmentation fault bug fixed (with `u' tcpick tried to free 2 times
the same heap address and closed 2 times the same file).
(Saumil Shah discovered it)
@item
Bugfix: `u' flag of `-w' worked as with `b' flag either if `b' wasn't choosen.
@end itemize

@unnumbered 07/09/04 0.2.0-devel1
@itemize
@item
Robert Scheck fixed tcpick manual section in a `printf'
@item
Saumil Shah feature request done:

the flag 'u' to the '-w' option enables tcpick to write sniffed data
in a unique file, with client and server data mixed together.

the flag 'b' to the '-w' option enables tcpick to write a banner to
the unique file that introduces server and client data.

@end itemize

@unnumbered 28/08/04 0.1.24
@itemize
@item
BSD support _should_ be completed
@item
added ``suicide'' and ``fault'' functions
@item
some code cleanup
@item
fixed netinet/ip.h check bug in the configure script for FreeBSD machines
@item
fixed hexdump bug
@item
fixed reset color. Background color is now not black, but the
terminal default
@item
added the balanced tree to the lookup engine
@item
applied patch by GLS to improve compatibility with openbsd 3.5 with
gcc 2.95.3
@item
Now closed connections are freed and delinked; files will be closed.
@item
Added the -E and -Ef arguments
@item
Added the -Tf option
@item
Fixed the segmentation bug of the `-y' option
@item
added INTERNALS file (should be completed)
@end itemize

@unnumbered 03/06/04 0.1.23
@itemize
@item
PFLOG support added by kirash aka GLS
@item
patch by Sebastian Prause: 
``I've created a little patch to make tcpick work with pppoe interfaces
on NetBSD (which use DLT_PPP_ETHER) and wanted to share it, so here it
is...''
@item
now the options for displaying the payload should be prefixed by -y
I have added another set of displaying option, that are prefixed
with -b. The -b options are useful to view data only when acknowledged
(exactly like data written to files) and with this is particulary
useful the raw mode (-bR) that you can use if you want to redirect
data with a pipe to another software.
@item
The newline carachter is suppressed when displaying the payload of the
packet or an acknowledged stream in the case there are no banners
except the case of the hexdump's.
@item
Added the ``--pipe'' option, by a wish of loopback. See manpage for
details.
@item
Now you are able to choose to write to file only data of clients or
servers or both, with the additional flags `C' and `S' to the option
`-w' (omitted means ``both'').
@item
Many, many changes, code cleanups and improvement made by whyx in
fragments.c and lookup.c
@item
With the new option `-T<number>', it is now possible to
track only the first <number> connections, the following will be
discarded by the tracker engine. This is useful for the `-w' and `-b'
options; for `-y' and `-h' it has no effect, because they aren't part
of the tracker.
@item
In the hexdump+ascii red dots rapresents now the unprintable carachter.
@item
the lenght of the payload is now displayed in the packet banner
@item
rewritten the core of verify.c and fragments.c
@item
now connections with equal ip addresses and ports are stored in
different files
@item
files dumped with tcpick -w* options are now saved vith ``.tcpick''
extension
@item
bugfix on datalink.c by kirash aka GLS
@item 
deleted alloc.c and match.c
@item 
used the ``linux'' 8-spaces indentation
@item
added packet separator (by a Simone Gianni's wish)
@item
added the `-p' flag to avoid to put the network interface in
promiscuous mode (I'm not sure it works) (by a Simone Gianni's wish)
@item
Rewritten manpage. Read it! There are lots of changes in the options!
@item
I have tested tcpick to sniff a file via ftp, and the md5sums were
equal. The tar.gz archive I have downloaded was more than 2MB
long. Other tests are confirming me that the newly-written code works
in the right way.

@end itemize

@unnumbered 07/03/04 0.1.22-test2
@itemize
@item
now output files are opened in ``a'' (only append) mode
@item
now data are written with ``fwrite()'' + ferror (thanks ^^Gimli^^)
@end itemize

@unnumbered 06/02/04 0.1.22-test1
@itemize
@item
corrected bug in datalinktoa() by sbi!
@item
Davide Benini: corrected bug in calling S_calloc with only one argument
@item
added S_malloc function
@item
now data are written with the write() function
@end itemize

@unnumbered 28/02/04 0.1.21
@itemize
@item 
Added src/ directory for the sources
@item 
Added a `flags` struct
@item 
Patch by Penelope Fudd: added `-r' option to read tcpdump filedumps: this is a very nice feature :)
@item 
Improved debugging system with dprintf (thank you ShackaN!)
@item
Changed name of the `stack' memory block into `tracker'
@item
Increased speed of the connection tracking system by adding many
return's instruction (instead of using some damned variables
like `loop_finished' and `result_bool') in verify() and match().
@item
Added a "chained" tracker: now it is possible to track an
infinite number of connections (thank you mainman!)
@item
Fixed bug that server file and client file were switched
@end itemize
		
@unnumbered 30/01/04 0.1.20
@itemize
@item
added displaying of unprintable carachters (that are also dots in -P option) 
with red color.
@item
added hexdump mode colorizer
@item
with option -C2 it is now possible see different colors depending on
the connection tracked (only status banners) (file colortrack.c)
@item
added connection numbering (second field in status banner)
@item
added time writing on banners and packet headers(time.c)
@end itemize
@unnumbered 15/01/04 0.1.19
@itemize
@item added <pcap/pcap.h> header support (i.e. trustix)
@item added DLT_PFLOG/DLT_NULL/DLT_RAW/DLT_IEEE802_11 header support (not tested!!!)
@item added datalinktooffset function (datalink.c)
@item added Push/Fin/Ack packet support
@item added support for those systems that don't have getopt_long and getopt.h
    header (was a problem in AIX systems, thank you Alberto
    'JCN-9000' Varesio)
@item added experimental color option (-C): it is very nice!
    It should be helpful to read the output of tcpick.
@item added new file colors.c (read code comments to know about the
original author)
@end itemize
@unnumbered 11/01/04 0.1.18 
@itemize 
@item fixed ridicolous bug of "resulting_bool==" in match.c
@item fixed FIN-WAIT-2 bad detection
@item added TIME-WAIT status detection
@item added CLOSED status detection
@end itemize
	
@unnumbered 11/01/04 0.1.18-test3 (UNSTABLE - BUGGY - ONLY FOR DEVELOPERS)

@itemize
@item Precedent tarball -test2 was damaged (thank you kirash (aka GLS) to said it to me)
@end itemize

@unnumbered 08/01/04 0.1.18-test2 (UNSTABLE - BUGGY - ONLY FOR
DEVELOPERS)
@itemize
@item added DLT_NULL support by kirash (aka GLS)
@item fixed the ridicolous bug in -test1 (a if statement without braces)
@item rewritten functions verify() and match() are now fully working
@end itemize
	
@unnumbered 08/01/04 0.1.18-test1 (UNSTABLE - BUGGY - ONLY FOR
DEVELOPERS)
@itemize
@item completely rewritten match() and verify() functions
@item added new files datalink.c and match.c
@item datalink managing modified to be compatible on systems that
don't #define all datalinks
@end itemize
@unnumbered 05/01/04 0.1.17
@itemize
@item ip.h header ported internally to the package for compatibility with
  BSD systems
@item patch by kirash: changes to myheader.h, lookup.c and stack.c in order to
  improve compatibility on BSD systems
@item added FIN-WAIT-1 status tracking
@end itemize

@unnumbered 05/01/04 0.1.16b
@itemize
@item previously source tarball was corrupted
  thank you Robert Scheck
@end itemize

@unnumbered 05/01/04 0.1.16
@itemize
@item added protection to memory allocation and freeing
  in the file alloc.c
  The new routines are called S_calloc and S_free and
  display messages when in debug mode.
@item added file PLATFORMS, which describes platform tested
  thanks nextime, Alt[O]s and Kaioh!
@end itemize	

@unnumbered 04/01/04 0.1.15b
@itemize
@item fixed bug in ./configure script
@end itemize

@unnumbered 04/01/04 0.1.15 (early morning)
@itemize
@item "STATUS" string is now nicer :)
@item tcp.h header is now internal, to improve compatibility
  with *BSD systems
@item added new header file "myheaders.h" that should keep track
  of all headers used in the project
@item added definitively my public key in the package
@end itemize
	
@unnumbered 03/01/04 0.1.14 
@itemize
@item reimplemented packet sniffer engine
  (now it is managet by pcap_loop :)
@item added configure script, Makefile.in
  config.h.in and other macro-automated files
@item fixed inet_ntoa bug (thank you kirash)
@end itemize

@unnumbered 09/12/03 0.1.13
@itemize
@item fixed name lookup: there will be only one dns query 
  for each host that doesn't have a name
@item removed source port in log filenames
@item added port into service translation
@item Makefile improved
@item now the tcpick manual page is in section 1!
@end itemize

@unnumbered 07/12/03 0.1.12
@itemize
@item improved and corrected name lookup feature
@end itemize

@unnumbered 05/12/03 0.1.11-unstable
@itemize
@item added host lookup cached feature (BUGGY!!)
@end itemize

@unnumbered 04/12/03 0.1.10
@itemize
@item added write status to file feature (-wS)
@end itemize

@unnumbered 03/12/03 0.1.9
added lot of write to file features:
@itemize
@item header writing, (-wH)
@item only printable charachters writing (-wP)
@item unprintable charachters transformed into hexadecimal code (-wU) 
@item added other options (see manpage for details) -s -P -R -U
@end itemize

@unnumbered 01/12/03 0.1.8
@itemize
@item added write to file feature (-w[R])
@item added write to file in hexdump mode feature (-w[xX])
@item added new file write.c
@end itemize

@unnumbered 30/11/03 0.1.7
@itemize
@item fixed bad hex dump manamagment
@item some changes in the options (see OPTIONS file for details)
@end itemize

@unnumbered 29/11/03 0.1.6
@itemize
@item now you can display data in the packet in hexdump mode (-x)
and you can watch at the printable ascii charachters too, using -X option
@end itemize

@unnumbered 28/11/03 0.1.5
@itemize
@item better options managment, including long options
@item added data showing in hexadecimal
@item added --silent mode
@item done manpage prototype
@end itemize

@unnumbered 27/11/03 0.1.4
@itemize
@item fixed file writing: now files are opened in "w" mode
@item added fflush istruction when output files are updated
@item fixed bug: now all connection are tracked, not only the first
@end itemize

@unnumbered 24/11/03 0.1.1
@itemize
@item fixed bad managing of payload (now ack packets whith no data are dropped)
@end itemize


