\input texinfo  @c -*-texinfo-*-
@setfilename README
@settitle README
@c @setchapternewpage odd
@c @paragraphindent asis

@c 1st page:
@titlepage
@title README
@subtitle subtitle
@author Francesco 'duskdruid' Stablum

@c copyright page
@end titlepage
@headings single


@c Contenuti
@contents

@c capitolo primo

tcpick is a textmode sniffer libpcap-based that can track tcp streams 
and saves the captured data in files or displays them in the terminal. 
Useful for picking files in a passive way. 
It can store all connections data in different files, or it can display all
the stream on the terminal, when the connection is closed. 
There are useful display modes like hexdump, hexdump + ascii, 
only printable charachters, raw mode and so on. Available a color mode too,
helpful to read better the output of the program.
Actually it can handle eth and ppp interfaces.
It is useful to keep track of what users of a network are doing, and is
usable with textmode tools like grep, sed, awk. 

For example, this command displays all HTTP GET requests: 

@example
# tcpick -i ppp0 -yP | grep GET
@end example

Please read the manpage for further details.

@unnumbered home page

http://tcpick.sourceforge.net

@unnumbered other files to read:

@itemize @bullet

@item AUTHORS
@item OPTIONS
@item KNOWN-BUGS
@item INSTALL
@item TODO
@item ChangeLog
@item COPYING
@item public_key.asc (key to check package signatures)
@item public_key_message.txt
@end itemize
@unnumbered contribute

tcpick project needs somebody suggesting me bugs and new features!
If you want to contribute sending patches, finding bugs, compilation errors, 
platform-specific incompatibilies you are invited to the tcpick
mailing-list:

@itemize 
@item email address

@b{tcpick-project@@lists.sourceforge.net}
@item Archive
http://sourceforge.net/mailarchive/forum.php?forum=tcpick-project
@item Subscribe
http://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/tcpick-project
@end itemize

I'm sorry for my bad english

 thanks

Francesco Stablum "duskdruid" @b{<duskdruid @@ despammed.com>}

@unnumbered Little disclaimer and license:

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License
as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2
of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307, USA.

For other details on GNU/GPL license read COPYING file

Copyright (C) 2003, 2004  Francesco Stablum "duskdruid"

@bye
